README.md, before:

# terraform-aws-eks-cloudwatch

This module requires our [openid connect module](https://github.com/kabisa/terraform-aws-eks-openid-connect)

Example usage:

```hcl-terraform
module "eks-cloudwatch" {
  source                  = "git@github.com:kabisa/terraform-aws-eks-cloudwatch.git?ref=4.0"
  depends_on              = [module.eks, module.eks_openid_connect]
  account_id              = var.account_id
  eks_cluster_name        = var.eks_cluster_name
  enable_cloudwatch_agent = true
  enable_fluentbit        = false
  oidc_host_path          = local.oidc_host_path
  region                  = var.region
}
```
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 3.5.0 |
| <a name="requirement_kubectl"></a> [kubectl](#requirement\_kubectl) | >= 1.7.0 |
| <a name="requirement_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#requirement\_kubernetes) | >= 1.13 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 3.5.0 |
| <a name="provider_helm"></a> [helm](#provider\_helm) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#provider\_kubernetes) | >= 1.13 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.cloudwatch-application](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.cloudwatch-dataplane](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.cloudwatch-host](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.cloudwatch-performance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.fluentbit](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_iam_policy.cloudwatch-agent](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_policy) | resource |
| [aws_iam_policy.fluentbit](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_policy) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.cloudwatch-agent](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.fluentbit](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.cloudwatch-agent](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.fluentbit](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [helm_release.cloudwatch-agent](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.fluentbit](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [kubernetes_config_map.cluster-info](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/config_map) | resource |
| [kubernetes_namespace.amazon-cloudwatch](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/namespace) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_account_id"></a> [account\_id](#input\_account\_id) | The AWS account ID | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_eks_cluster_name"></a> [eks\_cluster\_name](#input\_eks\_cluster\_name) | Name of the EKS cluster | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_enable_cloudwatch_agent"></a> [enable\_cloudwatch\_agent](#input\_enable\_cloudwatch\_agent) | Boolean to enable cloudwatch agent | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_enable_fluentbit"></a> [enable\_fluentbit](#input\_enable\_fluentbit) | Boolean to enable fluentbit | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_log_retention_in_days"></a> [log\_retention\_in\_days](#input\_log\_retention\_in\_days) | Number of days to retain log events | `number` | `90` | no |
| <a name="input_oidc_host_path"></a> [oidc\_host\_path](#input\_oidc\_host\_path) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The AWS region to deploy to | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

feat: separate logs on namespace and aggregate on pod name (#7)
## What
* Change the fluentbit config to separate log groups on k8s namespaces and aggregate on container name
## Why
* To better align with the k8s concept of namespace and better compartmentalize the container logs

BREAKING CHANGE: previously, all container logs from the cluster were stored in the /aws/eks/fluentbit-cloudwatch/logs CloudWatch Log group. With this release, cluster logs are separated by namespace and aggregated on pod level in the log streams within the namespace log group. This means that the old log group will no longer be used. To ease the transition the log_preserve_legacy_log_group (default: true) has been introduced. In a future release the old log group in Terraform may be removed.

README.md, after:

# terraform-aws-eks-cloudwatch

This module requires our [openid connect module](https://github.com/kabisa/terraform-aws-eks-openid-connect)

Example usage:

```hcl-terraform
module "eks-cloudwatch" {
  source                  = "git@github.com:kabisa/terraform-aws-eks-cloudwatch.git?ref=4.0"
  depends_on              = [module.eks, module.eks_openid_connect]
  account_id              = var.account_id
  eks_cluster_name        = var.eks_cluster_name
  enable_cloudwatch_agent = true
  enable_fluentbit        = false
  oidc_host_path          = local.oidc_host_path
  region                  = var.region
}
```
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 3.5.0 |
| <a name="requirement_kubectl"></a> [kubectl](#requirement\_kubectl) | >= 1.7.0 |
| <a name="requirement_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#requirement\_kubernetes) | >= 1.13 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 3.5.0 |
| <a name="provider_helm"></a> [helm](#provider\_helm) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#provider\_kubernetes) | >= 1.13 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.cloudwatch-application](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.cloudwatch-dataplane](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.cloudwatch-host](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.cloudwatch-performance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.fluentbit](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_iam_policy.cloudwatch-agent](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_policy) | resource |
| [aws_iam_policy.fluentbit](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_policy) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.cloudwatch-agent](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.fluentbit](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.cloudwatch-agent](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.fluentbit](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [helm_release.cloudwatch-agent](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.fluentbit](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [kubernetes_config_map.cluster-info](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/config_map) | resource |
| [kubernetes_namespace.amazon-cloudwatch](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/namespace) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_account_id"></a> [account\_id](#input\_account\_id) | The AWS account ID | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_eks_cluster_name"></a> [eks\_cluster\_name](#input\_eks\_cluster\_name) | Name of the EKS cluster | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_enable_cloudwatch_agent"></a> [enable\_cloudwatch\_agent](#input\_enable\_cloudwatch\_agent) | Boolean to enable cloudwatch agent | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_enable_fluentbit"></a> [enable\_fluentbit](#input\_enable\_fluentbit) | Boolean to enable fluentbit | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_log_preserve_legacy_log_group"></a> [log\_preserve\_legacy\_log\_group](#input\_log\_preserve\_legacy\_log\_group) | When true, preserves the legacy log group. Mainly useful to transition to the new log group format | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_log_retention_in_days"></a> [log\_retention\_in\_days](#input\_log\_retention\_in\_days) | Number of days to retain log events | `number` | `90` | no |
| <a name="input_oidc_host_path"></a> [oidc\_host\_path](#input\_oidc\_host\_path) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The AWS region to deploy to | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
